Update contributing document (#1627)
Azure/autorest.typescript: packages/rlc-common/CONTRIBUTING.md

The generated Typescript/Javascript Rest Level Client has the following structure:  

1. Client (Handled by [buildClient.ts](./src/buildClient.ts))
1. Client Definition (Handled by [buildClientDefinitions.ts](./src/buildClientDefinitions.ts))
1. Index File (Handled by [buildIndexFile.ts](./src/buildIndexFile.ts))
1. isUnexpectedHelper (Handled by [buildIsUnexpectedHelper.ts](./src/buildIsUnexpectedHelper.ts)) pollingHelper (Handled by [buildPollingHelper.ts](./src/buildPollingHelper.ts)) paginateHelper (Handled by [buildPaginateHelper.ts](./src/buildPaginateHelper.ts))
1. Models (Handled by [buildObjectTypes.ts](./src/buildObjectTypes.ts) and [buildSchemaType.ts](./src/buildSchemaType.ts))
1. Parameters (Handled by [buildParameterTypes.ts](./src/buildParameterTypes.ts))
1. Responses (Handled by [buildResponseTypes.ts](./src/buildResponseTypes.ts))
1. Parameters (Handled by [parametersGenerator.ts](./src/generators/parametersGenerator.ts))
1. Metadata (Handled [here](./src/metadata/*))

If there's a new feature request, Contributors can add properties in RLCModel and RLCOptions and then add the build logic like other files to generate the type.

> We don't have any tests in this library, as this library is replied by both autorest.typescript and cadl-typescript, we think add test in these two libraries if we want to test something.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't have tests in this library. As this library is invoked by autorest.typescript and cadl-typescript, adding tests in those two libraries directly if you want to test a feature.   
```
